okay hi guys today we're going to do the
moldings on my car it's chrome so what
we are going to use is this product i
reduced before motorcycle all metal
polish it works just as well on car
chrome ass motorcycle chrome of course
the polish is well as you can see here
it's quite shiny as as it is but it's
also protects and gets a coating on on
the chrome and that is really good so
let's see if we can focus down here
okay as you can see here there is a
typical place where the chrome always
gets a bit pitted and corroded and
oxidated and this is what this polish
takes away so let's go for it I just use
a clean lint rag and as you can see from
and also if you get this white stuff on
the black trim or the rubber as long as
you wipe it off it won't leave white
residue as Adam or get like outsole and
stuff does so this is way better see if
you can focus down here
it gives it leaves the sort of not
finish but you can look now on the rag
you will see that even if it did look
very shiny before it was quite dirty
there you go
so I'm gonna use some more
and then just wipe it off it's very very
easy to use and as I said don't be
afraid of the rubber trim it will come
straight off tattoo as you can see I
have some little areas with black steel
in it but that's where the chrome is
damaged so that won't be that can't be
helped but all the rest it's now nice
and shiny
you're going to take some more see this
area here is it let's go for that unless
you can see I will have to use quite a
bit on the rubber as well to get away
and it was it was very dirty as you can
see you know the oxidation is gone and
it shines once more as intended this is
after all a blink or or as they say on
fast n loud
a troll car okay so there you go
nice and shiny okay so that was the
short video for me hope you enjoy it I
enjoy the makers motorcycle metal polish
because it smells nice it's easy to work
with
you don't leave white residue on the
rubber moldings and it protects the
chrome a bit afterwards as well so
that's all for me over and out